README.md, before:

# Custom Threads

<div style="display: flex">
<img src='./public/sample-v.png' height='550px' width='300px' alt='mobile viewport - portrait mode'/>
<img style="align-self: center" src='./public/sample-h.png' height='250px' width='500px'alt='mobile viewport - landscape mode'/>
</div>

<br>
<br>

A React-based, fully responsive, cart SPA that fetches API data and presents them to the user, allowing them to preview & 'order' items.

This project was a lovely opporunity to experiment with a medium-sized SPA that fetches the data it operates on. Additionally, it implements a loading fallback, thanks to React Content Loader and Suspense, and is based on JavaScript, Redux Toolkit and Styled Components. For a detailed overview, please have a look at the [**Features**](#features) & [**Tech**](#tech) section.

<br>

## Installation

As this project was bootstrapped with React, the following scripts are available:

**Install** the dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Run the app in **development** mode:

```
npm start
```

Launch the **test server** in the interactive watch mode:

```
npm test
```

## <a id='features'></a>Features

- API-fetched data that are stored locally on successful response.
- Dynamic routing.
- Filtering - 5 different filters that are not mutually exclusive.
- Sorting
- Fully-responsive in both landscape & portrait mode.

## <a id='tech'></a>Tech

- React
- JavaScript
- React Router
- Redux Toolkit
- Styled Components
- React Content Loader
- React Icons

For a more detailed overview of the development & production dependencies, please check `package.json`.

## Live Version

<https://developedbygeo.github.io/Custom-threads/>

## Contributing

Contributions are certainly welcome. Please feel free to open an issue/PR if there is something you would like to be changed.

## Acknowledgements

A massive thank you to The Odin Project & freeCodeCamp for their guidance and quality material.

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

:memo: Udpdating README about Segment Analytics

README.md, after:

# Custom Threads

<div style="display: flex">
<img src='./public/sample-v.png' height='550px' width='300px' alt='mobile viewport - portrait mode'/>
<img style="align-self: center" src='./public/sample-h.png' height='250px' width='500px'alt='mobile viewport - landscape mode'/>
</div>

<br>
<br>

A React-based, fully responsive, cart SPA that fetches API data and presents them to the user, allowing them to preview & 'order' items.

This project was a lovely opporunity to experiment with a medium-sized SPA that fetches the data it operates on. Additionally, it implements a loading fallback, thanks to React Content Loader and Suspense, and is based on JavaScript, Redux Toolkit and Styled Components. For a detailed overview, please have a look at the [**Features**](#features) & [**Tech**](#tech) section.

<br>

## Installation

As this project was bootstrapped with React, the following scripts are available:

**Install** the dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Run the app in **development** mode:

```
npm start
```

Launch the **test server** in the interactive watch mode:

```
npm test
```

## <a id='features'></a>Features

- API-fetched data that are stored locally on successful response.
- Dynamic routing.
- Filtering - 5 different filters that are not mutually exclusive.
- Sorting
- Fully-responsive in both landscape & portrait mode.

## <a id='tech'></a>Segment Analytics

- To set up Segment Analytics tracking events, create a `REACT_APP_SEGMENT_WRITE_KEY` variable in a `.env.local` so `src/features/analytics.js` can read the Segment credential

## <a id='tech'></a>Tech

- React
- JavaScript
- React Router
- Redux Toolkit
- Styled Components
- React Content Loader
- React Icons

For a more detailed overview of the development & production dependencies, please check `package.json`.

## Live Version

<https://developedbygeo.github.io/Custom-threads/>

## Contributing

Contributions are certainly welcome. Please feel free to open an issue/PR if there is something you would like to be changed.

## Acknowledgements

A massive thank you to The Odin Project & freeCodeCamp for their guidance and quality material.

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE.md)
